In this video will be deploying our firebase functions to Firebase for the first time.
If you do not have payment information set up, this is where the bonus section ends for you, unfortunately,
because you require payment information to move beyond this point.
This is because of Firebase and Google's freemium plans.
They require you to set up payment information in order to do these procedures.
OK, so how do we deploy?
Well, if you remember in our package, Jason, of our Functions folder, we had a very specific method
inside of the scripts called The Ploy.
So let's go ahead and run that yarn.
Deploy.
And what that's going to do is it's going to do the same that served us, but it's going to take our
functions and actually deploy them to the cloud.
And so it's creating node 14 beta geocode and places nearby functions.
And if we go over here to our meals to go functions and I quickly reload, we should see our functions
pop up.
There we go.
It's that simple.
And so if we took geocode here, right, it's served now at this early this specific URL.
Also be aware that all of the information that you see on my screen, you cannot reuse it because we
will be removing these functions and all of the credentials that you see me use throughout this section.
So please do not try to use the credentials you see anywhere here or the URL you see anywhere here as
they will not work for you.
You have to release your own functions in order for this to work.
So if we take this URL and we were to surf to it by default, it's not going to really do any.
But if we do questionmark city equal to Antwerp, well, that's going to return us to geometry information
for Antwerp.
And if we do the same for Chicago, that's going to return us Chicago's information.
So our mock information is now operating behind this public yooralla.
And it was that easy to release a server that now has our mock information available.
And then if we take this and we said questionmark, location is equal to and we went and we grabbed
from our places, Mark Fooler, a certain location here, we would see that we'll get our information
back.
So all Vermaak information is now being served live behind these URLs.
And it was that simple.
OK, well, how do I get this to work live then?
Well, it's fairly simple at this point since we set everything up so beautifully.
If we go over to our location service and we say over here that will replace this part with this, then
we should basically, in a very simple way, be linking our actual output of our app to a live server,
to a live server being hosted on firebase functions.
And it works right now.
We can search and get our mock information back from our firebase function as if our app was actually
running locally.
So our data is now live.
OK, it's still marked data, but it's live.
And it was that easy to serve our functions, to update them, to deploy them.
And right now we can see health, we can see logs, we can see how many requests are going on.
We can view the usage.
We have all of this information about how our functions are being used.
We've created two very small interfaces for our app to interface with to get data back.
It was that simple, we now get data back in our app from Firebase, not locally anymore, and it's
still the same Mark data.
And now that we've reached this point, well, nothing stopping us from integrating with Google now,
is it?
Awesome.
So from here, we'll be looking at, well, how do we extend out what we've done so far, how do we
scale it and how do we integrate with Google?
Well, let's take a look at that.